Update CDS Lint docs (#828)
cap-js/docs: tools/cds-lint/index.md

By nature of its design, the plugin can also be run with the [ESLint CLI](#usage-eslint-cli). However, we recommended using the [CDS Lint CLI](#usage-lint-cli) instead as it comes with all preconfigured settings.

### Setup {#cds-add-lint}

> The following command automatically installs ESLint, the CDS ESLint plugin, and adds the ESLint configuration as well as VS Code setting to your project to also be able to lint CDS alongside or Javascript or any other eslint plugins you may have:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command automatically installs ESLint, the CDS ESLint plugin, and adds the ESLint configuration as well as VS Code settings to your project to also be able to lint CDS alongside or Javascript or any other ESLint plugins you may have:
```

> The following command automatically installs ESLint, the CDS ESLint plugin, and adds the ESLint configuration as well as VS Code settings to your project to also be able to lint CDS alongside or Javascript or any other ESLint plugins you may have:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following command automatically installs ESLint, the CDS ESLint plugin, and adds the ESLint configuration. VS Code settings are added to your project as well, to also be able to lint CDS alongside Javascript or any other ESLint plugins you may have:
```

```sh
cds add lint
```

<pre class="log">

Adding feature 'lint'...

Successfully added features to your project.

<span>Almost done - <text style="color: orange">you are missing 2 npm dependencies</text>:</span>

(1) ESLint v>=7.0.0
(2) ESLint plugin for CDS

<text style="color: orange">Install dependencies now</text>? [y/n] y

Successfully added features to your project.
</pre>

> Given that either a _package.json_, _pom.xml_, or _.cdsrc.json_ file is found, a prompt appears on whether to install the ESLint dependencies. Once confirmed, this will install ESLint, the CDS plugin, as well as add the corresponding configuration for the CDS recommended rules into your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a _package.json_, _pom.xml_, or _.cdsrc.json_ file is found, you have the choice to install the ESLint dependencies directly. Once confirmed, this will install ESLint and the CDS plugin, as well as add the corresponding configuration for the recommended rules into your project.
```

It follows standard ESLint behaviour. If there are no lint errors, there is no output. If there are, a standard ESLint error report will be printed.

### CDS Lint in VS Code {#cds-lint-vscode}

::: tip
Make sure you have ESLint and our ESLint plugin installed via [`cds add lint`](#cds-add-lint).
:::

> To turn on Lint checking your VS Code Editor simply download the [ESLint extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) for _Visual Studio Code_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn on Lint checking in your VS Code Editor simply download the [ESLint extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) for _Visual Studio Code_.
```

CDS Lint seamlessly integrates with it. For _SAP Business Application Studio_ this comes preinstalled.

> Now you can see lint reports also in your Editor. You should be able to see any rules [marked by **Editor default** here](./rules). Any other (project-based) rules are not turned on by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can see lint reports also in your editor. You should be able to see any rules [marked by **Editor default** here](./rules). Any other (project-based) rules are not turned on by
```

> Now you can see lint reports also in your editor. You should be able to see any rules [marked by **Editor default** here](./rules). Any other (project-based) rules are not turned on by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now you can see lint reports also in your editor. You can see any rules [marked by **Editor default** here](./rules). Any other (project-based) rules are not turned on by
```
